Add Ambient mode support to nftables doc (#58298)
istio/istio: tools/istio-nftables/pkg/README.md

This document outlines the design, configuration, and basic troubleshooting steps for the `nftables` backend in Istio.
As the official successor to `iptables`, `nftables` offers a modern, high-performance alternative for transparently redirecting
traffic to and from the `Envoy` sidecar proxy or `Ztunnel` node proxy. Many major Linux distributions are actively moving towards

> adopting native `nftables` support. Nftables backend is supported for both Istio sidecar mode and ambient modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
traffic to and from the `Envoy` sidecar proxy or `ztunnel` node proxy. Many major Linux distributions are actively moving towards
adopting native `nftables` support. `nftables` backend is supported for both Istio sidecar and ambient modes.
```
